Document applying integration tests to deployments (#129)
stackhpc/azimuth-config: docs/deployment/testing.md

    ${cluster} =  Find Cluster By Name  test-rbe6w
    Delete Cluster  ${cluster.id}
```

This example will create a
[CaaS workstation](../configuration/12-caas.md#linux-workstation-appliance) using parameter
values that are guessed based on the cluster type and target Azimuth. It then waits for the
workstation to become `Ready` before verifying that the the Zenith services are behaving
as expected. Finally, the workstation is deleted.

## Credentials for executing tests

The generated test suite uses an OpenStack application credential to authenticate with Azimuth,
and this credential determines which project test platforms will be created in. This *can*
be the same project that Azimuth is deployed in, but should ideally be a different project.

!!! danger  "Application credential must be unrestricted"

    Because Azimuth creates an application credential for each deployed platform, the
    application credential used to authenticate with Azimuth to create test platforms
    must be able to create and delete other application credentials.

    This is referred to as **unrestricted** in OpenStack (**Unrestricted (dangerous)**
    in the Horizon UI).

> The application credential used for running tests should be placed in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application credential used for running tests should be appended to the
```

[same clouds.yaml as the credential used to deploy Azimuth](../configuration/01-prerequisites.md#application-credential).

```yaml  title="environments/my-site/clouds.yaml"
clouds:
  # The main application credential used to deploy Azimuth
  openstack:
    auth:
      auth_url: https://openstack.example-cloud.org:5000
      application_credential_id: "<appcred id>"
      application_credential_secret: "<appcred secret>"
    region_name: "RegionOne"
    interface: "public"
    identity_api_version: 3
    auth_type: "v3applicationcredential"

  # The application credential used to create test platforms via Azimuth
  unrestricted:
    auth:
      auth_url: https://openstack.example-cloud.org:5000
      application_credential_id: "<appcred id>"
      application_credential_secret: "<appcred secret>"
    region_name: "RegionOne"
    interface: "public"
    identity_api_version: 3
    auth_type: "v3applicationcredential"
```

## Generating and executing tests

> Before tests can be generated and executed for an [environment](../environments.md), it must

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before tests can be generated and executed for an [environment](../environments.md), the environment must
```

be successfully deployed either [manually](../) or by [automation](./automation.md).

You must also have the Python dependencies installed on the machine that the tests will be
run from. The easiest way to do this is using the
[ensure-venv script](../deployment/index.md#python-dependencies), however the `requirements.txt`
can be used to install them into any Python environment:

```sh
pip install -U pip
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

The integration test suite can then be generated and executed for the environment.

Because the test generation connects to the Azimuth deployment to query the installed platform
types, this must use the application credential that is used for deployment. The execution
of the tests then uses the unrestricted application credential:

```sh
# Activate the target environment
source ./bin/activate my-site

# Make sure you have the correct version of the Ansible collection installed
ansible-galaxy install -f -r requirements.yml

# Generate the test suite
ansible-playbook stackhpc.azimuth_ops.generate_tests

# Execute the test suite
OS_CLOUD=unrestricted ./bin/run-tests
```

## Configuring test generation

By default, tests cases are generated for:

>   * All the installed CaaS cluster types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * All installed CaaS cluster types
```

>   * All the installed **active** (i.e. non-deprecated) Kubernetes cluster types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * All installed **active** (i.e. non-deprecated) Kubernetes cluster types
```

>   * All the installed Kubernetes app templates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * All installed Kubernetes app templates
```
